Lord Dragon Shadow?
Lord Long Ying is Lord Long Shuai's right and left hand
Lord Long Ying's explanation, Lord Long Shuai is also here
Lord Long Ying's is the new biography of Long Shuai
Don't admit today even if we don't share
You will die too
See Lord Dragon Shadow
Lord Dragon Shadow
The Chu family stole Long Shuai's concubine
Offend Tianwei
Please grant him the death penalty
Give him the death penalty
You're dead this time
Shu family dragon shadow
See Long Shuai Long Shuai Madam
Lian Li
Long Shuai, Long Long, are you mistaken?
Chu Cheng is a useless waste
How could he be Long Shuai?
Hey, I don't dare to disrespect Lord Long Shuai
Block the nine clans
Lord Long Yun
This must be a misunderstanding. This is Chu Cheng
He is not a dragon handsome at all
Long Shuai, I can still admit my mistake
Recreation from Ding
Let people harm my ancestors
What is the crime of my weapon?
Hahaha Lord Long Shuai
I deserve to die
You don't have to do it.
I'll do it myself
I'm the cutest
I was wrong.
I'm a bitch
Su Xuan, you can't see the breakup our sisters sang
Plead with Chu Shan
My lord Long Shuai
I would like to celebrate my birthday with Sister Su Xue
If you are not satisfied
You keep me by my side
Even if I let me be a maid
It's okay to be a slave
We thought that was it.
I said three days ago that I would make the Poseidon family famous
In fact, it is time to fulfill the promise that he will not